A team has been established.
Is he in there too?
El Moussaoui?
Why did you ask me to join you?
I need people
that I can trust.
You I can trust. right?
Are you Dalil's sister?
-Yes.
I have just learned
that he has been arrested...
in connection with a burglary.
I want you to know...
that if he is
is convicted...
that he goes for a very long time
under lock and key.
What were you doing there in that brothel?
I was on the trail of the Turk.
What was I supposed to do?
And you could just happen to smell from a distance
Smell that those Turks were sitting there?
So you want me to Romano....
-Finish. He's in Dusseldorf.
Let him rot here.
Cancer.
subtitles: Red Bee Media
Those Turks are going to flip man. brother.
Yes? Are those Turks going to flip. yes?
Hey.
Hello?
Okay.
Wait.
Samira. Samira.
Go dig a hole in the woods.
Throw her in. throw that Turk in.
What are you waiting for?
If I take this Taxi. he...
If you take that cab? And then what?
Where's Taxi now?
Why is he still alive?
Go.
Brother. What's the plan?
-The plan is that we are going to clean up Pope.
Hiding out in a villa
Like the cockroach he is.
What the fuck is up with the lock
going on?
So. you've kept it
kept it nice and clean in here.
Yes. who pays the piper decides. right?
Soufyan.
Levie.
Hello?
-Yes?
Where's the money?
-It's gone.
On?
-Yes. on.
Fuck.
We should have gone
gone to Ankara.
With what money?
Hey!
I'm going to fix this.
-How?
It's that simple.
Now you.
You can do this much better.
Yes. but someone has to
get food anyway.
You can't just walk down the street.
-Sssh.
She's in her movie.
Don't be so fucking para.
How long will this take?
-Week. max.
Then we can go
wherever we want.
So put those fingers
to work for a while. yeah?
I'll be right back.
Be careful. okay?
Yes.
Hey.
-Shut your cancerous mouth man.
Am I talking Russian or something?
What?
-How do you mean what?
We agreed on something right.
-Talk to me calmly man.
Talk quietly?
If you're not going to bury this man
are not going to bury this man...
I'll bury you and all your family
in the same cancer hole.
We have a fucking problem man.
We've got a fucking problem.
Come on. get up.
Come here. What is it?
-Fuck.
Nothing to worry about.
-We have a fucking problem.
What is it?
That buddy of yours. Taxi.
How good a mate is that of yours?
And?
I just checked that server for the pgp's
just checked.
They are well encrypted. though...
but I found some strange traces
in the metadata. See.
Okay. wait a minute. What am I looking at?
That server first appeared to be located
in Ukraine.
Then suddenly he was in Lithuania.
And now he seems to be in Moldova.
But are they safe or not?
Hey sweetie. how's it going over there?
Oh. yummy.
Where is your sister?
Mama is...
Mom is busy for a while.
But take good care of Grandma
and Kaoutar. okay?
Coming up.
Okay. see you in a minute. honey. See you in a bit.
Three tickets to Montreal.
They are paid in cash.
No one can trace you. Here.
Toward the hotel?
No. Drive towards
the pig farm.
For that money.
Are you sure?
Bro. I worked really hard for it.
Listen. if you don't want to go.
it's not a problem.
You've done enough.
Bro. I've been
bribed for that money.
Plus I won't let you
go there alone.
Where is your little brother?
If you withdraw your testimony
and he stays away...
we are forced to prosecute you.
-If I don't retract my testimony...
I'll be lying in a coffin.
just like all the others.
Who is that?
-Nobody.
No one?
-Give back.
Will you take my...
-Hey. hey. sit!
Hajar El Koubakhi.
you are under arrest...
for willfully withholding
of information...
regarding multiple crimes.
Take her to the station.
-Dirty bastard.
Hey.
-Hey.
Go chill out for a while.
That's enough.
I'm going into town in a minute. yes?
Is good.
Since when
do you fall for cavemen?
What?
-Your lover.
Is just a sweet guy. though.
-Oh yeah?
That's not
what they said on the news.
They just said
that he had very loose hands.
Before he escaped
from fucking prison.
All bullshit.
-Do you believe it yourself?
He needs to get out of here.
He has nowhere else to go and neither do I.
What have you done now?
-That's none of your fuckin' business. is it?
But if they find me
they'll kill me.
Do you understand that?
Bro. please go get that money.
-What?
Yes. I can't stand those animals.
Bro. you can come in with me. right?
-Doesn't.
I can't stand that smell.
Brother. come on. Please.
Bro. you took care of this. Go. go.
Hello?
I called you 13 times.
Are you backing out?
Brother. I'm not backing down.
-I'll write a search warrant...
and then your children go
to a foster home.
I say to you anyway:
I deliver you Pope.
Watch where you walk.
Where is Taxi?
-He's in the car.
I said: he has to
come in.
What do you want me to do? He says:
He can't stand that smell.
And I'm here enjoying myself?
For me. it's smelling good?
Douglas?
If you don't cooperate
I can't do anything for you. hey.
Are you deaf?
I'm telling you. my children
have to be safe first.
I'll call you later.
That's him. That's him.
Waiting for him to get to that door.
Then he can't go anywhere.
Then we take it.
Yes. go. go. go.
Come on.
Stop. Police.
Put that fucking gun down. Now. Now.
Got it.
We're going to have a little talk.
You work for Tonnano. right?
What are you doing?
-Where is he? -No. Tell me where he is.
You're embarrassing your sister.
She's stuck because of you.
I only have his number.
Give your phone now.
-I don't know where it is.
Hand over your fucking phone.
Was that so hard?
Let's see. Tonnano.
Sorry. man.
Why?
It was you or me.
Sorry. dick.
Showing hands. showing hands.
Are you completely crazy?
Hey brother. give me your cigarette.
Fuck.
Fuck. Fakka.
Brother. lift me up.
Lift me up. Lift me up.
-Sure?
Sure.
Warrior. bro.
Ready? Let's go. Come.
Adil El H
has been given a life sentence...
heard against him. According to the prosecution
there can be no doubt...
that El H is guilty of
activities in the underworld.
That he escaped in a
violent liberation action....
makes it extra clear to the prosecution
that El H is the big player....
in the underworld
which we hold him for.
But we will find him.
He will not escape his punishment.
An international arrest
warrant has been issued against him.
And the prosecution has offered a 100.000 euro reward
for the golden tip....
which will lead to his...
Everything okay?
-Yes. sure.
Are you going out?
-No. I'm sleeping at my mom's tonight.
Then you guys will have
some time to yourselves.
I think it would be better if
you stay here for now.
Fuck.
Shut up.
Listen up. bitch.
If you don't shut up...
you won't make it tomorrow.
Do you understand me? Hmm?
Okay
Fuck. fuck. fuck.
Fuck.
Police.
Show your hands.
-Show your hands.
On the ground.
-Watch out. firearm.
Coat of arms on the right.
-Weapon. weapon. weapon.
What the fuck
are you doing?
Dirty rat.
Your blood colleague.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
Don't you?
Was in his inside pocket.
Was still on.
Was that so difficult?
Let's see. Tonnano.
Sorry man.
It was you or me.
Sorry. cock.
Okay. wait. wait.
I can give you everything. lol.
Fuck.
You're definitely going to tell us all about it.
This is the voice mail
from Meltem.
They touched me well.
Fuck.
You just have to move on.
-No man.
Go.
I'm coming to get you. bro.
Wait.
Take this one.
Warrior.
Tia Alvarez?
Friend.
Maroc.
Fuck.
How the fuck did you get here?
Celine?
-Romano. they took me.
They took me away.
-Where's Elvira?
That one's not here. Elvira.
They only brought me.
Where is that cockroach?
That one's gone. That one's gone.
Coming along. Now.
Pencil. Yes. Pencil.
Walkthrough.
And you? Do you think
we've forgotten about you?
Huh? I'm going to leave this one here too. man.
It's not your business.
I know. brother.
But I can't trust this man
not trust.
I also don't understand how you ever trusted this
cancer faggot ever trusted.
I'm just standing here.
Shut your cancerous mouth.
If you want to ask me something.
if you want to get rid of something or something. close by.
Do you have anything else to say?
What can I tell you?
Something to keep me from putting a bullet
through your head.
As if I could talk you
your head.
If you were going to
you would have done so long ago.
Patron.
-Sssst.
Listen.
If Tatta had kept that Colombian
had kept that Colombian in check...
Hmm.
I would have fixed
for you.
Then there would have been no
dead Turks lying around.
And then your sales market had gone
gone times 100.
I didn't fuck that shit up.
You know that if you send me
to Germany...
that I'm not going to sit on my hands
waiting for something to go wrong.
You know I trade.
That's what I do.
So what are you going to do? Hmm?
Are we going to pick up where
we left off?
Or will you let him put a bullet
through my head?
What? To where?
No one needs to know.
Just her.
Tonight now all contact
through you.
And no one else.
Is good.
Take it with you.
Samira?